# SLogo API

Megan Phibbons, Anna Darwish, Louis Jensen, Ryan Culhane

## Architecture Design
#### When does parsing need to take place and what does it need to start properly?
* Parsing is triggered by a "run" button or something similar
* This string is sent to control, which then does the parsing and separates the string into results
* If it makes it through control, then the back end can execute the commands

#### What is the result of parsing and who receives it?
* The parsing is split up into a series of "methods" or "commands" generated by the parsing. 
* After finishing parsing, the methods go to the back end, which can then execute the commands. 

#### When are errors detected and how are they reported?
* If there is an error parsing or executing the methods, then an exception is thrown. 
* When the GUI gets a thrown exception, it displays the error to the user so that they can properly make fixes.

#### What do commands know, when do they know it, and how?
* They need to know the location of the turtle, which could be stored by the turtle itself - this is needed whenever the turtle changes locations
* In order to turn, they need to be able to know their current direction (also stored by the turtle)
* They need to know whether or not the pen is writing - if it gets a write command, it needs to put the pen down and if its told to stop it can pick it up - also stored by turtle

#### How is the GUI updated after a command has completed?
* Back-end sends the location of the turtle so it can display
* Back-end also needs to send the writing that the turtle has made so the display can reflect that
* If there is an error, the GUI needs to display the error
* If the command finishes successfully, there needs to be some sort of indication that the command has been completed successfully. 

## CRC  Cards
####Class 1: Turtle  
* Methods
    * setPenState(boolean newPenState) - false = no pen, true = yes pen
    * moveForward(double distance) - tells the turtle to move forward and updates currentLocation
    * changeOrientation(double newOrientation) sets the orientation to an input angle
* Variables
    * currOrientation
    * currLocation
    * fileName
* Interactions
    * main.Parser gives information to the Turtle of what to do 
    * Sends information to UI about location and whether or not drawing
####Class 2: ValidWord  
* Methods
    * checkValidWord() 
    * 
* Variables
* Interactions
####Class 3: Main GUI  
* Methods
* Variables
* Interactions
####Class 4: Textbox GUI
* Methods
* Variables
* Interactions
####Class 5: Display Screen
* Methods
* Variables
* Interactions

## APIS
* **Front-End Internal**   
    * Updating command history
    * Help screen
    * Color changes
* **Front-End External**
    * Send commands to the parser
* **Back-End Internal**
    * Receiving the commands from the parser
    * Evaluating commands
* **Back-End External**
    * Send results to the UI

## Use Cases
* The user types 'fd 50' in the command window, sees the turtle move in the display window leaving a trail, and has the command added to the environment's history.
    * Send the command to the parser
    * main.Parser checks command to see if it's valid
    * Turtle class executes command and sends info back to UI
    * UI gets info from the turtle and updates display
    * UI adds command to Command History tab
* The user types '50 fd' in the command window and sees an error message that the command was not formatted correctly.
    * The UI reads in the command
    * The UI sends the command to the main.Parser
    * The main.Parser sees that the command is invalid, throws an exception
    * The UI sees that there's an exception and displays an invalid command error to the user
* The user types 'pu fd 50 pd fd 50' in the command window and sees the turtle move twice (once without a trail and once with a trail).
    * The UI reads in the commands
    * The  UI sends the commands to the main.Parser
    * The parser tells the turtle the commands
    * the turtle sets its according pen state
    * The turtle moves
    * the turtle updates its pen state
    * the turtle moves
* The user changes the color of the environment's background.
    * The UI registers the user's color choice
    * The UI changes its own background color
    * No interaction with backend 